Hey, did you hear?
The behind-the-scenes boss of Wancheng
Next Thursday with the woman you love
Host a grand wedding
This has caused a sensation in the city
I heard he made 80 million
Bought the treasure of the town store of the Emerald Building, the Heart of an Angel
Which woman is so lucky?
I envy a woman who can marry a god
Must be the most perfect girl in the world
Your mother can't be envious
Oops dad
You also heard
I think this is an opportunity
An opportunity to restore the image of our Su Group
Exactly.
Our Su family must attend this wedding
But the key is that our Su family is not a god and a powerful person
This ticket
How can I get it?
Hey
Phone, can you ask your father to think again?
Grandpa can attend Shenhao's wedding this time
It's either rich or expensive
Our Zhangjia Baicaotang
It also relies on a lot of connections
Just got a city ticket
The words of the Su family
I'm afraid it's a little difficult.
If you can get this ticket
No matter how big the iron plate is, the Su family is also willing to
Okay, I'll ask my dad again
Hello, thank you.
Are you really a good son-in-law of our Su family?
Xiao Chen Su Wanqiu
you
You want to get married too